and welcome back to a fresh episode of
business growth show I'm your host Sam
Dunning co-owner over at webchoiceuk.com
and if you haven't yet check out my
weekly emails where I'm sharing
actionable B2B marketing website and SEO
tips useful podcasts goodies and more
you can give it a shot over at
businessgrowth dot email
so joining me today I've got Esther
glamor Esther is the CMO the chief
marketing officer over at Reich Esther
welcome to the show how we doing
doing really well how are you doing
today very good looking forward to the
chat we're gonna be talking about
something that's super relevant and I
think it's going to be very very helpful
especially with what's going on in the
B2B technology SAS world right now we've
been shouting how well everyone our
business owners marketers can do more
with less how they can up their
marketing impact on Revenue
with less spend whether that is on
resource ad spend or elsewhere
um so first and foremost let's jump
straight into it Esther why is it
important that we need to be able to do
more with less when it comes to our B2
Marketing in in the world we're in right
now
yeah I mean look this is top of mind for
pretty much every marketer I know
um globally uh we are in an era of no
longer growth at all costs mentality
it's Now growth but uh with a very huge
focus on efficiency
um and so again I think this is
something that's top of mind for pretty
much every marketer out there where
budget and resources are getting pulled
back
um some of it is maybe warranted some of
it is maybe uh to you know help kind of
prepare uh the organization or the
business for what could be a little bit
of a difficult year and so you know as
those budgets and resources are getting
pulled back I think there are two things
that should be very top of mind for
every marketing leader out there and
every marketer out there uh two things
that are absolutely Mission critical
number one obviously Roi
um this is not new for marketing this is
something that should have been top of
mind and should have always been top of
mind for marketing but now I think that
there's an even greater hyper Focus I
would say on marketing where you have to
be able to Showcase that for every
dollar that you're spending what is
actually coming from it um and and how
is it actually directly sourcing Revenue
um the second would be around
productivity
um of your resources right maximizing
every single resource that you have
especially when you have limited
resources and you're making cuts
um to maybe agencies or Outsourcing or
even kind of your own internal teams
um you know what does that look like to
to maximize those limited resources
while also continuing to accelerate that
time to Market and get get your
campaigns get your launches out the door
even faster
um great interest so we'll dive into
those two topics making sure you get Roi
and making sure you're maxing out your
productivity in a set but why do you
think that especially like I said before
B2B Tech why do you think it's so much
tougher at the time of recording this
we're in 2023 but it looks like it's
going to be for for some time what are
you seeing like on the market
yeah so I think overall I think that
there is obviously a change in the way
the buyers are behaving
um there is a little bit of a you know
uh kind of that pullback mentality from
a buyer Behavior standpoint where what
you're seeing is uh more of these
decisions are having to go up to the sea
level to maybe a CFO
um Etc in order to get approval for
Budget spend um and it's changing buyer
Behavior where maybe there was more
autonomy to be able to make purchases
um and then I think the other piece is
obviously just some of a pullback in
terms of companies really tightening
tightening up uh across the board both
budget and resource allocation largely
to one protect the business
um I think a lot of people are talking
about recession-proofing your business
and understanding you know how do we how
do we face a little bit of a downturn in
the economy how do we maximize every
resource that we have where in the last
last couple of years there's been more
of that you know growth at all costs you
know spend more hire more and I think
there's been a pullback more so
partially because there's been a little
bit of a lack of productivity and we've
seen a productivity decline over the
last couple of years where we're not
actually getting as much out of the
resources and out of the uh the teams
that we do have
um I think that there's been an
acceleration of just the complexity of
how people are working in terms of lots
of apps lots of tech
um hybrid work you know people who are
working both in an office and then you
also have teams that are remote
um and and having to get that
acceleration and Alignment
um and maximizing productivity across
those resources but it being much much
more difficult because you can't just
all sit around a table and and ensure
that things are getting done the way
that they should be
um and then of course just you know when
you're looking at cutting back budgets
marketing obviously is oftentimes the
first
it's a big cost center
um and sometimes you know again if
you're not showcasing Roi and you're not
showcasing value to the organization
there's a big question mark there which
is okay why are you spending this money
we should just cut it and then see the
impact um and then deal with the impact
potentially later
um and so those are a lot of factors
that are happening that are I think
caught causing a lot of this you know
really high pressure environment I would
say for marketers today
yeah poor old marketing nearly always
gets the cut first right so definitely
going to be a pressing topic and this is
a bit of a controversial one but I like
to throw these in when we do these kind
of episodes but do you think that
especially in the B2B Tech world that
funding is now more access accessible
than ever and that come some companies
just are burning through the cash that
they're getting from VCS or wherever
they're getting it from so fast and not
really putting into play some of these
things we're going to talk about
I think that's actually what happened
over the last few years absolutely I
think that there was kind of a free flow
of cash
um where you know lots of high growth
companies lots of SAS companies out
there have the ability to be able to
spend
um pretty significantly in in lots of
ways um I was actually just talking to a
colleague of of you know the days of you
know lots of mass Market types of events
giant conferences where there was just
tons and tons of spend uh on swag on
experiences on you know just kind of any
and everything to get your name out the
door to get your customers drinking the
Kool-Aid to you know get your prospects
in the door I think you still see a
little bit of that but not nearly as
much as what we've you know what we saw
over the last you know five years or so
or decade or so um and I think now it's
number one it is a different world
um you know we're number one you don't
necessarily really have lots of masses
of people congregating in one place
necessarily anymore but also right you
just don't see just the unlimited
amounts of spend for that again growth
at all costs mentality and especially
this year
um I think we will see a pullback in a
lot of those math scale events and a lot
of the industry types of events where
people will be spending a lot on those
experiences and spending more on you
know what are channels what are areas
where you're seeing a direct correlation
to revenue a direct correlation to that
Roi for sure for sure
um
one last thing on this point why is it
that marketing always get the cut first
I mean often oftentimes they're
responsible for bringing in a
significant chunk of the revenue whether
that's inbound demand or elsewhere
why do you think it's it's not so much
sales that get the brunt of it
releasing cuts across the boards
of the trend that we're seeing this here
is that it's not just marketing you're
actually seeing Cuts in every single
area of the business including sales and
that's maybe not as typical I do think
that marketing gets uh kind of the first
Cuts in a lot of ways number one because
it is a big cost center
um typically there's just you know
marketing has a significant amount of
the budget uh again to be able to drive
that demand that brand awareness
um and to really you know try and drive
that the revenue growth
um so number one I think it's just a big
cost center that you know if you're a
CFO or if you're you know an executive
of an organization you're just looking
across the board and you kind of see
that chunk of budget and it's very easy
to say We'll trim that down by 10 20 30
um I think the other piece though is in
you know the ability of marketing to be
able to showcase the value and
oftentimes there are big question marks
um where sales you know uh in various
organizations they're like well we don't
know what marketing does right like yeah
we know you do some events we know you
do some advertising but again we're not
seeing that necessarily that direct
correlation to you spent a dollar and
then here was a dollar of Revenue or two
dollars of Revenue that came out of that
spend and so making sure that you're
absolutely proving the value that you're
showcasing the data that you're
showcasing every single dollar that
we're spending we're spending it in the
best possible most cost effective way
um and that's where the microscope is
right now
definitely definitely so let's say that
our company is facing some hard times
what from a marketing perspective what
are some of the don'ts like what are
some of the hard no's that we should
avoid when it comes to kind of
addressing our marketing setup yeah so
things to avoid you know absolutely when
you're making the cuts and making some
of the decisions number one I would say
is you can't stop and rebuild everything
uh you can't just say okay you know
we're cutting all of the spend uh we
need to sit back and and reassess and
rebuild and rebuild infrastructure and
data and kind of all of those things in
order for us to get there ideally you
have been taking those steps to be able
to build the infrastructure in the data
so that again you can always prevent Roi
that's kind of the Mainstay of marketing
um and so you can't stop and you can't
slow down uh especially in this you know
continue to maintain growth but at a
better more efficient and more effective
rate
I would say the second thing is you
can't what you can't do is you can't
play the blame game right uh I think
oftentimes it's appointing the finger
you know or making excuses of well we
just didn't have the right data or it
was operations fault because they didn't
build what we needed or it was sales
fault you know because they're not
following up with our leads that is
oftentimes the case when there is
pressure
um and that will that you know that's
always a No-No and especially in a high
pressure environment
um that won't do you any favors and so I
would say instead focus on what is
working uh figure out right what are you
know the 80 20 rule of you know 80 of
your Revenue potentially is coming or
ever 80 of what's working of where your
success is is coming from maybe 20 of
the business that's a great place to
start
um so start to figure out what's working
maximize that find quick quick
optimizations on how do you continue to
scale that and then identifying that
low-hanging fruit and the immediate
impact opportunities to stand up quickly
what are things that we haven't
necessarily done or haven't gone around
to where there's huge opportunity
um and potentially immediate impact you
don't want to say you know well we're
going to build something that might we
might see you know come to fruition in a
year uh we need to see immediate impact
now in the next one to three months
start to build that out test it iterate
optimize
yeah I like the breakdown so let's pull
this we've started talking about it so
in terms of Roi
um another another controversial one but
what do you think is some of the biggest
wastes of cash when it comes to
marketing or ad or just general spend
that B2B companies are doing right now
or have been doing recently
it's
it's different for every business you
know because different business models
different audience types what works for
some people doesn't work for others
right there are some companies where
events are absolutely like direct
correlation to revenue direct
correlation to
um leads and Pipeline and for others
it's kind of a nice to have so I would
say it really does differ depending on
the business
um but but this is where it always comes
down to what what channels are not
directly correlating to revenue what
what can you not necessarily make that
that immediate correlation to again that
we spent a dollar and this is where we
got uh this is what we got out of it and
oftentimes that is in brand and top of
funnel I don't necessarily you know I
don't recommend like okay completely cut
it because that's that's typically what
happens is immediately that brand cut
big events yeah right like immediately
do that and that's where you need to
have the right conversations you need
need to have again the analytics and the
data backing it up on what do you
believe it is doing and why is it worth
the investment you need to be able to
build a business case for uh you know
why you're making the decisions that you
are and so again it's not as like
straightforward as yeah this this is
what what you need to cut
um but right oftentimes it is focusing
more so on like I said immediate impact
which means how do you get to your buyer
ready leads how do you get to bottom of
the funnel types of leads because that
in in the end at the end of the day that
is what's most important in terms of
being able to drive that Revenue getting
meeting meetings but demo request trials
all of that that's essentially the best
you know must haves and then the nice to
haves are the ancillary on top of that
that might be influential but maybe not
a direct correlation yeah so let's let's
be a bit blunt most B2B tech companies
are getting the highest intent demo
requests typically from my experience
anyway and feel free to correct me if
I'm off base because I'm often wrong but
usually I find paid search paid review
sites maybe organic SEO depending on
whether they invest in that and they're
a mature category
um then maybe some outbound sales
um targeting High intent prospects those
tend to be the top few channels and then
as you ease up the funnel maybe I don't
know things like webinars events
podcasts and then you're getting into
more brand building activity and demand
burning activity does that sound about
Fair
yeah again if you're mapping it to the
buyer's Journey typically that is where
you know I would say you start from the
bottom and then you start to make Cuts
kind of as you go up uh a funnel
essentially and typically it is that top
of funnel that kind of gets cut first
maybe middle of funnel especially if
we're not seeing a ton of direct
influence into getting them into buyer
ready
um and then you really keep that bottom
of the funnel which is typically the
people who are looking for your software
looking for your solution which would be
paid search and listings and things like
that yeah for sure now where it gets
tricky is that some of this stuff
can attribute to revenue not as clearly
as of course Page search review sites
Etc
um but when you get into more organic
channels
and if you're cutting things like I
don't know an SEO campaign or a podcast
or some kind of maybe small community
work that you're doing maybe a slack
Channel whatever it might be that over
time they can pay dividends but can be
quite a lot of time resource or if
you're paying external agencies
investment depending whatever strike you
get
um what are your thoughts there and it's
it's quite a tricky one I'd imagine for
companies to kind of decide what they
keep because sometimes organic channels
can be managed in-house with your own
team quite effectively other times
they're done externally but yeah what
are your thoughts there yeah so a couple
of thoughts there so one is again
as much as you can building out
attribution Tibet to better understand
what that influence is so that ideally
you've been able to showcase the value
of some of those more ancillary more
indirect types of sources uh so that
it's not a complete cut but if you're
unable to prove that value
um you know either through leading
indicators or through some level of
influence then then yeah of course that
that's most likely to be cut
um but I would say the more that you can
start to dig into levels of attribution
in terms of multi-touch in terms of
influence to see hey when we do invest
in display when we do invest in uh you
know some of these brand types of
programs we actually do see an uplift in
those in that lead generation and
specifically leads that convert in our
Target markets the more that you're able
to Showcase that correlation obviously
the better because because again you
want that correlation I think the second
piece though which I think is really
important is to continue to maintain and
invest in organic types of channels and
largely because you really do and that
is a little bit more of a long-term type
of approach which is harder obviously to
try and create the business case for it
in terms of long-term uh versus short
term but you need to invest in more
organic channels because that cost of
acquisition continues to rise so again
as you build out the business case it's
you know we are obviously maintaining
some of the paid spend and the paid
channels but that cost of acquisition is
at x amount in terms of cost per lead
but as we continue to invest in
infrastructure and in organic and in the
appropriate amounts of uh the channels
to try and get organic traffic and
organic lead conversion we start to see
the shift in terms of total cost of
acquisition go down and so looking at it
from uh you know holistic standpoint I
think is actually really important and
it's something that you need to continue
to maintain and be able to showcase the
value love both and be able to explain
that to your CFO and to your CEO and to
your board kind of at every level
I was gonna say it's it sounds like that
might be a slightly trickier
conversation to have as it usually is
um because if you can prove fairly quick
returns to revenue which you can with
paid channels quite often at the bottom
of the funnel where you quickly get demo
requests or console requests or whatever
that main call to action is when it
comes to organic kind of getting the
buy-in for it's going to be three months
it's going to be six months it's going
to be 12 months from now we're gonna see
this and then in return we're going to
be able to cut our ad spend a little bit
we're going to be able to see more
organic growth more organic inbound and
also as a result we're going to actually
build brand equity and more trust in our
brand overall
um those are oftentimes the trickier
chats to have right
yeah and that's what I said is finding
the low hanging fruit and immediate
impact types of Pilots that you can do
where uh the more that you can you know
we're investing a lot obviously in our
organic infrastructure as well in order
to continue to to drive not just organic
traffic but conversion of that traffic
and you know we actually showcase
um I hear it Reich you know up and out
which is here's kind of what's coming
from our paid channels and the amount of
leads and traffic but also from an
organic side and we're able to see a
month over month Improvement so if you
can showcase immediate value
understanding it's a longer term type of
strategy and it will pay dividends in
all of those ways that you just said but
if you can also showcase the incremental
Improvement and direct correlation to
that lead the leads in the pipeline
it's much easier to make that business
case good good let's move on to
productivity
um you touched on it earlier but when we
say that what what does that mean
exactly for you
uh so I think it's interesting you know
we saw a lot of shifts over the last
three to four years uh you know with
kind of the the switch to hybrid the
great resignation a lot of people
changing jobs
um a lot of growth in teams
um and then now a lot of cutbacks and
like I said I think what's interesting
is that there's a lot of there have been
a lot of shifts
um in in the workplace
um and in in the work environment as
well as how people work uh where you can
work from anywhere and so there's a huge
influx of all sorts of you know tools
and apps and systems that people need to
learn and utilize but it's causing a lot
of disruption in the day
um and so when you're dealing with
disparate teams number one it's
difficult to get alignment and I see
this across the board where you know
there's so many different organizations
that don't have insight into what other
teams are doing they have competing
priorities uh it's very difficult to get
cross-functional collaboration on
projects and move them forward uh then
you're looking at individual teams um
you know and marketing is very
cross-functional in nature and so being
able to again work with different teams
who have different priorities different
levels of resources uh everyone's trying
to get kind of their own priorities done
and then you're not all in one location
or it's just really difficult to get
into one location and you have different
times it's just it's really difficult to
align and to get things done and I think
what we've seen is just a huge shift and
decline in terms of just general
productivity as an organization like as
a whole
um where people are working more hours
lots more hours because you're connected
all the time but there the output is
actually way less which is a little bit
depressing right
um no one wants to work more hours to
see less productivity and less output
um but that's absolutely across the
board in like every single industry
every single size of organization
organization we're seeing that shift and
so what we're seeing now is the result
of that which is
a ton of reduction in in organizations
at every single company size and with
every single level of success and
revenue growth even the highest you know
most most Revenue producing and highest
performing companies are making cuts and
and what's interesting about that is I
think people are actually saying well
we're not seeing the productivity so how
do we trim the fat or how do we not only
do that but also
um how do we pinpoint areas that are
producing and then try and maximize uh
you know those resources and so I think
it's actually top of mind and hugely
important for every every business and
every marketing team to take a look at
their organization and understand again
it's that mentality of doing more with
less where if I had to cut 10 or if I
had to cut 20 how do I maximize
um you know what I have the resources
that I have how do I get more out of my
people how do I keep them motivated how
do I get them to align so that we're not
doing duplicative work
um or we're you know we can't keep
hitting roadblocks every time we try and
launch something and it keeps getting
delayed it's causing a lot the business
a lot of money a lot of you know just uh
I would say extra stress it's causing
employee burnout and morale issues it's
causing attrition I mean there's just
there's lots of aftermath effects
um and I think it's very top of mind so
that that's why I also think a lot about
that in terms of the doing more with
less mentality because they think it's
something that every leader is facing
and you're exactly right I I agree with
the points like and my I myself am guilt
of it especially working remote like
it's it's so easily done it's easily to
distract yourself like you say there's
there's a thousand apps a thousand
social channels Etc you can mess around
on um which I'm guilty of scrolling
LinkedIn every half hour and
procrastinating so it's very easily done
but is is there an answer especially if
you're specifically on marketing if
you've got various members on your team
how do you keep them motivated how do
you keep their activities on track and
make sure everyone's aligned on the
actual task at hand and working towards
that Revenue goal
yeah so you know especially with
marketing because again you have lots of
different functions everything is
cross-functional both within internally
within a marketing team but also
externally with all of your stakeholders
um you know this is why and at Reich our
vision is uh to create uh an
organization a platform where our vision
is to help people do the best work of
their lives and so for us it's uh how do
you complete work at scale in a
collaborative way where everyone is
working in lockstep and has visibility
into all of the other things that people
are doing and so uh we believe obviously
in Work Management we utilize it um
across our full organization and it is
really great to actually have all of our
marketers and all of our organization in
Reich in Work Management platform where
it's really easy to be able to kick off
a project and actually automatically
assign it to the various resources who
then they have visibility into what's
coming down the pipe you know what are
what are things that they need to do
this week this month this quarter in
order to hit and it rolls up into the
business goals
um and so that's kind of how we keep uh
we keep organized and aligned uh we also
utilize you know slack and
um you know zoom and kind of all of
those various tools
um there is a level of disruption
sometimes right because sometimes you'll
get a slack message or you'll get an
email and it's not in right right and so
that's where we try and combine all of
our tools into our Consolidated Work
Management platform in Reich so that we
aren't missing data and we're not
missing requests
um and that we're fully aligned in terms
of all of the projects and tasks that
are needed uh needed to be done for the
you know for the day
gotcha now a lot of cuts I've seen in
the marketing department have been
across roles like brand brand marketers
event marketers Community marketers
demand gen marketers those are some of
the main ones I'm seeing I'm not sure if
you're seeing a similar thing that's
what I'm seeing on LinkedIn
um
field marketers Etc
does that mean that marketers
shouldn't be so Niche and should learn
more disciplines
and therefore there are going to be more
versatile they're going to be able to
earn more and also be more valuable to
the companies that they work within
but you know
that's a good um
touring and career coaching over over
kind of my tenure and and also just
learning from what I did I think that
there's value to both
um I don't think it's necessarily
um you know because you were so Niche uh
you basically you know you've kind of
pigeonholed yourself and now there's not
really a market opportunity for you I
think there is always a market
opportunity
um you know I think what you need to do
as you're thinking through your own
career progression and what skill sets
you bring to the table is one always
understand like how do I showcase my
value to the organization
um that should always be top of mind uh
which is you know whether you're in
field marketing or event marketing or
operations or whatnot it should always
be here's the value that I bring to the
table here's the value I bring to the
organization and here's uh why the
business why I'm Mission critical to the
business right and so again showcasing
the ROI showcasing the value that should
be a constant uh part of of how you
present yourself to the business how
you're working how you deliver on your
goals and your outcomes I think the
second piece
um would be around constantly looking at
how do you continue to drive more
relevant skill sets that can be fully
aligned to other parts of a marketing
function or other parts of a business to
one make sure that you are fully like
that you're constantly learning that
you're constantly innovating again it's
part of that partnership and Alignment
to Showcase value but also you can't do
it by yourself if you can't just be an
event marketer that really doesn't know
anything else except this is how I
produce events and largely because
it means you're not growing as a person
and as you know as within your career
but also you're not making yourself
relevant right so even if you are a vet
marketer to me the next step should be
how do you actually build out various
types of events which could include
fields which could include ABM
specifically right in terms of targeting
Target account you know uh event
marketing how do you add in that
campaign component and the digital
component to your events because that
should be something that you're thinking
through is pre pre-event and post event
how do you get people to your event you
should be utilizing these channels right
so I do think that the goal would be I
think absolutely you can be more Niche
and specialized of like this is my sweet
spot but especially as a marketer
there's so many aspects and functions
where you're touching uh various various
aspects of marketing so you should
continue to develop that and that does
make you more well-rounded
um eventually right um and so I don't
think necessarily everyone has to be a
generalist yeah um I do think that
adding in additional skill sets is
really important in making you continue
to be relevant and continue to add this
value to your business but also to your
function
yeah it's it's a good point I wrote a
post earlier on LinkedIn actually about
the five attributes I feel makes
marketing Legends and one of the points
I put in there was thinking like the CEO
in the sense that you've got to actually
have an active interest in the business
you're in you've got to enjoy some form
of it whether that's the work itself the
output or the results you get for your
clients or some element of it
um because that way then you'll actively
encouraged to do those things that you
just said there like learn more about
what opportunities are out there develop
your skill sets learn new things it's
like taking this entrepreneurial mindset
so then someday if you want to upskill
like you said if you want to go from a
field marketer to a more advanced role
maybe you want to start your own side
hustle maybe eventually you want to
start your own side business if you're
doing this Learning and Development
which is not that hard these days I mean
just stick on a podcast like this or
read an audio book and then start
actioning some stuff yourself like
that's literally What I've Done
um it can be done so yeah I like that
point I appreciate you pointing that out
because that's that's going to be
helpful for a lot of people
um so yeah let us really really
appreciate you coming on the show
there's been some some great points to
to recap
from some of the notes that I've taken
down it sounds like the Crux of this is
assessing your spend working out which
channels are having kind of short-term
and media high-level impact to revenue
and then working from that bottom up and
and seeing what what needs to stay what
is worthwhile keeping organic wise
growth wise and then what's gonna what's
gonna have to be cut
um productivity wise being able to do
more being able to make more out of your
current resources and perhaps using
systems and tools to make sure
everyone's aligned and providing the the
max value that they can and then kind of
the last point that we uh we touched on
was
kind of upskilling and building up your
own abilities and level to levels to
deliver so if if there are issues with
your company you're you're not going to
be forgotten about you're going to be
actually proving proving that that
you're bringing value to the table and
an asset to the organization you're
within or your own company
um anything we we haven't touched on
no I think just as as you're thinking
about you know kind of where to focus so
just so you know like my playbook when
it comes to kind of just general B2B
marketing then I think continues to hold
true even in really you know high
pressure times kind of thing
um and this is something I've brought
into
uh you know multiple companies
um as I build out a marketing
organization and build out a marketing
strategy is number one it starts with
building your foundation
um and so really making sure that you
have the appropriate infrastructure that
can scale that you have that clean data
so that you can segment uh your
audiences and and really understand
what's actually happening in terms of
your performance metrics to drive the
strategy that's always something that
that should be kind of first and
foremost uh because if you don't have
that right then you're stuck in the we
we don't know what's what's what's you
know producing we don't know how to show
value and we don't know how to scale and
accelerate time to Market so that's
going to first and foremost the second
would be to tell your story
um and this is what marketing should be
doing right which is how do you
understand like how do you position and
differentiate yourself in that market uh
that you're going after uh what is the
messaging that resonates have you know
your audience and ensuring that you have
very hard impactful all uh you know
highly resonating type of messaging to
really be able to have a unified story
across your whole organization but also
across all of your channels and the
third is to dominate your market and
this is really specific around where and
this is kind of that Focus aspect which
is how do you know like what is the
market you should be going after and
like get pretty granular about it and
then get really focused on that because
again that's where you're seeing your
biggest opportunity and the most
immediate impact and then fully align
across an organization across sales NCS
and product to figure out like how do we
actually dominate that market how do we
actually build a go to market strategy
in conjunction with a full organization
to truly go after that market and so at
a high level those are the three things
that I think are really important to
continue to keep top of mind for any
organization and especially as you're
going into you know pullback and you
know obviously looking into every single
chain Channel but at a high level those
are the three things that I think are
most important
yes it's a great framework I think the
only thing that that's companies might
struggle with is the third Point
dominating your industry as a lot of
that is brand work but sadly brand
marketers are the ones that get the cut
quite often first
yeah well and again when I'm you know
and I think again it's it's in phases
right and right now when you're focused
on immediate immediate impact it's
figure out what are those key accounts
what are those key profiles you know how
do you get down to a point where you've
narrowed down that audience and you know
exactly the message that resonates and
the channels that resonate with them
figure that out showcase the value start
to build off of that right and then you
can start to get to because I think
people start maybe with you know we're
going to dominate which means we're
going to go and do all the Billboards
and all of the brand and you know and
again and then they're unable to pair
the value so you start small you figure
out immediate impact immediate Revenue
that you're driving from that market and
then you start to Showcase and expand
right and then start to go a little bit
wider and and into into more of that top
of funnel well there's so much like
taking a bootstrap startup approach
right it's looking for those quick wins
looking for those quick Revenue
opportunities rather than trying to do
everything at once and become market
leader a month in but being really Savvy
with the way you go to market and you'll
spend and like you say homing down your
ICP and your messaging yeah absolutely
good stuff Esther really appreciate the
conversation some some great points
covered so thanks very much for for
coming on and please do share more about
how everyone tuning in can learn more
about right yourself in any way you'd
like to send the audience too
yeah absolutely
um if you want to connect
um I'm on LinkedIn uh it's probably the
best way
um and then just drop me a note
um uh if you want to learn more about
Reich you can go to reich.com
w-r-i-k-e.com
awesome and we'll put all of those links
on the show notes at
businessgrowth.marketing thanks once
again enjoy the chat
thank you thanks for having me no
problem and as always if you enjoyed
today's episode a quick rating or review
on Apple or Spotify is appreciated or if
you're on YouTube a quick sub goes a
long way and we shall catch you on the
next one for more no BS actionable B2B
marketing tips to grow your Revenue see
you soon